Let's first take a look at
the behavior overview report for the Google online merchandise store.
You can find it here.
You get a general sense here of how much of your content is consumed,
and how engaging your content is on average.
Over the month of August,
the site got a total of 362 page views,
of which 242,000 were unique,
meaning that they were not views of the same page during one session.
If a user sees a page in a session and then later sees that page again,
for instance, because they use the back button,
that view would not be counted as a unique page view.
We also see what the average time spent is and the average bounce rate,
those are two metrics that indicate how engaging your content is to the user.
Now, here we see the average time spent,
which is not super informative,
especially on an e-commerce site.
I have a mix of pages on the site,
some of them I would expect the user to take some time for,
but there are others like
my checkout page that I would hope don't take too long to digest.
We'll come back to these engagement metrics in
more detail when we study them for the individual pages.
Here below we get a summary of what the behavior report cover,
you can study the site content.
We can look at it by the page,
or by page title,
or by content group.
Content groups are groups that you may have
assigned to certain pages in the Google Analytics set-up.
You could choose to group pages by brand,
by product, by type,
by contents section, et cetera.
Basically, these are groups that makes sense from your company's point of view.
We can also study site search which relates to searches that happen on the actual site.
Then there is this report that provides information on events.
Events relate to user interactions that are tracked independently from a webpage.
For instance, video views,
PDF downloads, et cetera.
If your page has these types of interactions,
you can get more information about them here.
Keep in mind events need extra code on top of
the typical Google Analytics tracking code
to be added to the site in order to track them.
To get more information about how this works,
visit the classroom notes for details.